https://lwn.net/headlines/rss Linux
https://ubuntu.com/blog/feed Linux
https://developers.redhat.com/blog/feed/atom/ Linux
https://begriffs.com/atom.xml Programming
http://geoff.greer.fm/feed.atom Programming
https://www.lucalampariello.com/feed/ Programming
http://blog.bonnieeisenman.com/feed.xml Programming
https://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror?format=xml Programming
https://www.calebcurry.com/feed/ Programming
https://pixlcore.com/feed.rss Programming
http://brandon.invergo.net/atom.xml Programming
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml Programming
https://www.taniarascia.com/rss.xml Programming
https://www.patricksoftwareblog.com/feed/ Programming
http://feeds.bradoncode.com/bradoncode Programming
https://www.blinkingcaret.com/feed Programming
https://jrs-s.net/feed Programming
https://nanx.me/index.xml Programming
https://rwmj.wordpress.com/feed Programming
https://blog.oddbit.com/rss.xml Programming
https://vincent.bernat.ch/en/blog/atom.xml Programming
https://spacemorgue.com/feed SciFi RU 
https://daringfireball.net/feeds/main Programming
https://dmerej.info/blog/index.xml
https://nanxiao.me/en/feed/
https://ajoybharath.in/feed
https://vdwaa.nl/feeds/all.atom.xml
https://linderud.dev/index.com
https://allanmcrae.com/feed
https://xyne.archlinux.ca/blog/blog.atom
https://xyne.archlinux.ca/news/news.atom
https://kobelnet.ch/feed
https://feeds.feedburner.com/jeremymorgan/NJwt
https://peerlator.com/feed.xml
https://blog.burntsushi.net/index.xml
https://andre.blaatschaap.be/feed
https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed
https://lemire.me/blog/feed
https://ralfj.de/blog/feed.xlm
https://nullprogram.com/feed
https://willcrichton.net/feed
https://blog.feabhs.com/feed
https://emertxe.com/blog/feed
https://xoofx.com/feed.xml
https://nethack4.org/blog/atom.xml
https://otoviovaladares.com/feed.xml
https://blog.quarkslab.com/feeds/all.rss.xml
https://lingpipe-blog.com/feed
https://blog.nelhage.com/atom.xml
https://wozniak.ca/blog/atom.xml
https://communityblog.fedoraproject.org/feed
https://planet.ubuntu.com/rss20.xml
https://alex.dzyoba.com/feed
https://inconsolation.wordpress.com/feed
